> You hear the grinding of stone against stone as well as the groaning of heavy equipment as a steel panel rises and falls ahead of you. Each time the panel opens you can see a circular chamber, a large set of gears in its center, with portions of the floor around it spinning both clockwise and counterclockwise. Beyond the gears you can see another door on the opposite side of this chamber, a steel panel rising and falling in front of it as the gears turn.

The room has a set of three gears at its center, each larger than the last.

Each gear rotates the opposite direction to the ones adjacent to it making the entire room a series of turntables moving in opposite directions

## Mechanics

### Innermost circle
This portion of the floor rotates counterclockwise, finishing a full rotation every 18 seconds.  
 
### Middle circle
This portion of the floor rotates clockwise, finishing a full rotation every 12 seconds. Creatures ending their turn on this circle will shift their location relative to the outer walls of the room by moving to the opposite side of this circle.  
    
### Outer circle
This portion of the floor rotates counterclockwise, finishing a full rotation every six seconds. A creature that starts its turn on this circle can choose to step off at any time, but would rotate around the entire chamber if they stand on it for the full turn.  
 
### Doors
The doors to this space are locked but can be picked with a successful Open Lock (DC 18) check. The issue is getting to the locks themselves, which are obstructed by steel plates that repeatedly rise and fall in front of the doors that lead into and out of this space. These steel plates rise and fall at a pace of three seconds for each motion, making the action required to pick a lock an impossibility as long as these plates are in motion. The plates’ motion can be halted by disrupting the gears that cause them to move or via another solution at GM discretion.  
    
### Stopping the Gears.

The gears can be manually held in-place with a successful Athletics check (DC 25).
- The player(s) doing this must repeat the check each round they intend to hold the gears in-place.
- After a number of rounds equal to the players' Constitution modifier the DC will increase by 2 each round.
- Failure incurs 3d6 bludgeoning damage

The gears have 100hp, a hardness of 8, and AC12

The Shield Guardian has a spine rod of True Brass which can be jammed into the teeth of any of the gears to stop the mechanism.

### Encounters
6x Lesser Clockwork Golems stand inert on the gears but will activate when the PCs enter.